dates:: 2022-10-16 11:37

<< [[2022-10-15]] | [[2022-10-17]] >>

# 2022-10-16

## [[Tasks MOC|Tasks]]
### Overdue
```tasks
not done
happens before 2022-10-16
```
### Due Today
```tasks
not done
happens on 2022-10-16
filename does not include 2022-10-16
```
### New Today

---
## Book-keeping

```ad-success
collapse: open
title: Daily Highlight
*What is the number one thing you want to get done today?*

I want to get back on track with reading Campbell.
```

### Running Log #running  
*The run itself:* ~6.4 miles easy effort in new shoes! (New Balance Fuel Cell Rebel v2)
- *Strava log*: [6.3 mi Run Activity on October 16, 2022 by Erin W. on Strava](https://www.strava.com/activities/7971939671)

**How did you feel on your run?**
I felt great after a complete rest day yesterday. This fact paired with my new shoes led to a pretty fast and speedy easy run (still gave easy effort though, or at least tried to). I love the bounciness and light-as-a-feather feeling of the Rebel v2's and they are reminiscent of the v1's I loved last year (a lil' sentimental about them). I also made a breakthrough in keeping pace! It's all about the **arms, arms, arms**. As long as I focused on driving them back, my legs followed suit. If I maintained the "pace"  with my arms, my legs would do the same, all the more requiring less effort than if I had solely focused on legs. I'll try to keep this revelation in mind when I race this week (praying for a PR!) @ Eisenhower for the Frosh/soph meet.

**What do you plan to do tomorrow?**
It's a Monday tomorrow, meaning training with the team, so whatever Hudson gives us (most definitely a workout since Tuesday will be recovery).

**What's one thing you could improve to make future you more successful?**
I should try to focus on my arms more! As stated in my breakthrough above, I think it'll help a lot with keeping me focused.

---
## Day Plan
- 7:30 Morning run
- 9:20 Go to church
- 12:00 Lunch
- 13:00 Do a mock AMC 10/12 @ Port Washington Library
- 14:20 Read Campbell
- 16:20 Break
- 16:45 Practice cello
- 18:00 Orthodontist appt.
- 19:30 Dinner
- 20:30 Read Campbell
- 21:30 Do homework
- 22:30 Get ready to go to sleep