dates:: 2022-10-24 09:00

<< [[2022-10-23]] | [[2022-10-25]] >>

# 2022-10-24

## [Tasks](https://todoist.com/app/today)
```todoist
{
	"name": "Overdue",
	"filter": "due before: today"
}
```
```todoist
{
	"name": "Due Today",
	"filter": "today"
}
```
---
## Book-keeping

```ad-success
title: Daily Highlight
collapse: open

*What is the number one thing you want to get done today?*

Finish reading Atkins.
```

### Running Log #running  
*The run itself:* 3x mile repeats: 1 on the track, 1 set of 2 quads, 1 library/blacktop
- *Strava log*: [3.0 mi Run Activity on October 24, 2022 by Erin W. on Strava](https://www.strava.com/activities/8013866010)

**How did you feel on your run?**
I went out pretty fast on the first repeat (6:24!) and it felt pretty good for the most part. After the first repeat, I was lumped with group 2 which consisted of boys running sub 20 times. Obviously, I was nervous and scared of the rest of the repeats. The second repeat was quads. I once again went out fast but was unable to hold my 6:19 half mile pace. I started getting a cramp after the first quad, but tried to maintain the pace as best as I could. By the time the third repeat started, I already dreaded it — my legs were in a whole new world of pain I had never felt before. It was also the hilliest mile… then came blacktop. The last “hill” in the consecutive sets of hills was brutal, not to mention the last one to the double doors.

**What do you plan to do tomorrow?**
I’m hoping the Nike Vaporfly Next% 2 will come before school ends so I can use them on an easy run @ Cold Spring Harbor (have an important meeting).

**What's one thing you could improve to make future you more successful?**
I need to strengthen my mental game and get used to running/maintaining a fast pace.

---
## Day Plan

`````col
````col-md
flexGrow=2
===
#### Events
- [x] 07:10 Morning Gym
- [x] 07:40 BREAK
- [x] 07:59 School
- [x] 14:32 BREAK
- [x] 15:00 XC practice
- [x] 17:00 BREAK
- [x] 17:30 Practice cello
- [x] 18:30 BREAK
- [x] 18:40 Read Atkins fundamentals M
- [x] 19:50 Dinner
- [x] 20:30 Solutions for 2021 USNCO Exam
- [x] 21:30 Read Campbell chapter 30
- [x] 23:00 DONE

````

````col-md
flexGrow=1
===

#### Deadlines
- [x] Analysis Questions on short story "A&P" (@2022-10-24 09:25)

#### All Day


````
`````

