dates:: 2022-10-11 07:11

<< [[2022-10-10]] | [[2022-10-12]] >>

# 2022-10-11

## Tasks
### Overdue
```tasks
not done
due before 2022-10-11
```
### Due Today
```tasks
not done
due on 2022-10-11 OR scheduled on 2022-10-11
```
### New Today
- [x] Research Plan parts b, c, d 📅 2022-10-14 ✅ 2022-10-14
- [x] Study for statistics test on normal distributions ⏳ 2022-10-12 ✅ 2022-10-12
- [x] Openstax questions on trig identities ⏳ 2022-10-11 ✅ 2022-10-11
- [x] Latin periphrastic sentences worksheet, gerund, gerundive, periphrastic review ⏳ 2022-10-12 ✅ 2022-10-12
---
## Book-keeping
```ad-success
title: Daily Highlight
*What is the number one thing you want to get done today?*

Finish two chapters of Campbell and take notes using this second brain (hopefully efficiently).
```

### Running Log #running 
*The run itself*: Mile repeats for 3.58 miles (2 victories, 1 set of 2 quads)
- *Strava log*: [3.5 mi Run Activity on October 11, 2022 by Erin W. on Strava](https://www.strava.com/activities/7948594941/overview)

**How did you feel on your run?**
I felt okay and strong for the most part because it was the first workout of the week (after 2 recovery days). On the first victory, I had a pretty good pace and mainly focused on form (high cadence and midfoot strike) but really needed to pee. So, I went. This ended up being a huge mistake as by the time I came back, my group had left for what I thought was the second victory. I did a second victory, this time a tad bit more painful than the first but still feeling decent aside from stomach cramps. Turns out, while I did a second victory, they had done quads instead 😢 . Sweaty and feeling a bit sick, I ran a set of two quads, again focusing on form and just running. In the end, I need to go poop 💩 real bad but at least I got through the workout. 

**What do you plan to do tomorrow?**
Hudson has another hard workout cooking 🥘 so I'm praying for my legs to feel decent by 3:00 pm tomorrow.

**What's one thing you could improve to make future you more successful?**
I should start drinking more water 😆 and maybe use the time in between school finishing and XC practice starting to sleep?

---
## Day Plan
- School
- XC practice
- Play cello
- Take notes on Campbell
- Study for any tests